Moving Release Wiki to react-native-website (#2961)
facebook/react-native-website: website/versioned_docs/version-0.67/release-testing.md

---
id: release-testing
title: Release Testing
---

## Pre-requisites

- Have clone of `react-native` repo and be on the release candidate branch.

  ```bash
  # Checkout relevant branch
  react-native$ git checkout 0.66-stable
  react-native$ yarn install

  # I needed a .watchmanconfig because `npm start` would fail without it.
  react-native$ echo '{}' > .watchmanconfig
  ```

> - Have Android and iOS development environment set-up. Follow instuctions for macOS/iOS and macOS/Android from [React Native docs](https://reactnative.dev/docs/environment-setup)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Have Android and iOS development environment set-up. Follow instructions for macOS/iOS and macOS/Android from the [Environment Setup](/docs/environment-setup) guide.
```

We should use the internal links to avoid re-render on navigation.
